{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To embark on the design, Jade Flow cooperated with National Taiwan University Institute of Fisheries Science, Dr. Hong-Nong Chou Lab. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Through \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
comparing different types of the algae \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
a series of laboratory tests \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
to find the appropriate one, Haematcoccus Pluvialis(HP in short) showed the most remarkable response toward light.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HP \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
is a freshwater species of Chlorophyta from the family Haematococcaceae. This species is well known for its high content of the strong antioxidant astaxanthin, which is important in aquaculture, and cosmetics. It requires a pH neutral environment and be kept free of contamination by unwanted algae, fungi and protozoa. With the beating of the cilia, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HP\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 show positive phototaxis, resulting in the flow in the brighter area of the water. Slightly yet unceasingly it moves.\
\
Abundant experiments were devised regarding \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
HP\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'92s habits to generate the most outstanding effect. Also, the influence of different factors on the algae, such as lighting type and intensity, vessel shape and size, as well as gravity and temperature \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
were measured.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \
\
The experiments showed that the conditions for producing the most conspicuous phototaxic effect of HP was while being housed in a standing thin plate with the light placed beneath. Based on the outcome, we adapted the disc-shaped and begun designing the embossment of the vessel to channel the phototaxic movement.}