{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 NotoSerif;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28300\viewh16200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The initial idea of the project was to invite creatures of nature to act as the co-designers, which is at the intersection of art and the life sciences. 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After conducting abundant research on various types of taxis, the movement of an organism in response to a stimulus, phototaxic algae was chose as the main theme and thought of developing this principle and merging it into lighting design. 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
To embark on the design, Jade Flow cooperated with National Taiwan University Institute of Fisheries Science, Dr. Hong-Nong Chou Lab. Varioos types of the algae were compared to find the appropriate one. Through comparing different types of the algae a series of laboratory tests, Haematcoccus Pluvialis (HP in short) showed the most remarkable response toward light.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 HP is a freshwater species of Chlorophyta from the family Haematococcaceae. This species requires a pH neutral environment and be kept free of contamination by unwanted algae, fungi and protozoa. With the beating of the cilia, HP shows positive phototaxis, which results in the flow in the brighter area of the water. Slightly yet unceasingly it moves.\

\f2\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f3\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Thus, abundant experiments were devised regarding HP\'92s habits to generate the most outstanding effect. The influence of different factors on the algae, such as lighting type and intensity, vessel shape and size, as well as gravity and temperature were measured.
\f2\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f3\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The experiments showed that the most conspicuous phototaxic effect appeared when HP was housed in a standing thin plate with the light placed beneath. Based on the outcome, we adapted the disc-shaped and begun designing the embossment of the vessel to channel the phototaxic movement.}